---
layout: post
title:      "My Journey "
date:       2019-08-22 16:29:21 +0000
permalink:  my_journey
---

  In 2015 I started working as a technician at Honda. I love working on cars and enjoy the technical aspect of diagnosing and repairing vehicles. But after so many hours working in the shop I decided it wasn't what I wanted to do for the rest of my life. As I started thinking about some alternatives as to what kind of a career change I wanted to make, I also wanted to start writing and playing music again. I ended up reaching out to an old bandmate and asked if he wanted to get together and play some music. He agreed. When we met up we caught up and talked about what we had been up to, and he happened to be working as a back end engineer specializing in python. I was intrigued and wanted to know more. After he showed me the possibilities I became hooked and immediately started taking online courses learning the basics.  It was a whole new world for me and the possibilites seemed endless, which seemed to be a perfect fit for me. I decided to dive head first and enrolled in a bootcamp. 
	I began a full time full stack web development bootcamp through Trilogy Education at Denver University.  It felt weird being a student again, I never was the best student. But learning programming was different, I was actually enjoying what 
	I was learning and felt accomplished along the way. The bootcamp was three intense months of learning. Some days I felt super overwhelmed and felt like just going home and giving my brain a rest. But by the end I felt I had built a pretty solid foundation. I knew I had just barley scratched the surface of whats possible but was hoping to land an internship. After applying to 10-20 different internships and not hearing back I became discouraged, I had bills to pay and needed a job asap. I fell back into the trap, I took a job as a mechanic at a small independent shop nearby, which was a mistake. 
	  My plan was to work as a mechanic by day to pay the bills and take more classes by night to further my programming knowledge. But I soon found out that working full time and learning to program was a lot easier said than done. It was hard finding a good tutor online, I was usually too tired after a long day of work to program and I had lost my momentium. I wasn't happy at my new job and knew I needed to make a change fast. So I started looking around online at some other programs to further my knowledge and sharpen my programming skills. I looked at a lot of them from Glavanize, Turing, The Tech Academy, General Assembly and finally Flatiron. Honestly they all seemed to be good choices, but after looking through the cirriculum, graduation/dropout rates, job placement rates and cost, I decided Flatiron was my best route. I immeadiately applied and knew I was coming up on the deadline to get into the next cohort. So I submitted my application as soon as I could and hoped for the best. They got back to me suprisingly fast to let me know I had been accepted! I was happy and looking forward to continuing my education. That week I told my boss I was sorry but I will be moving on, he understood, and a couple weeks later I was starting my first day at Flatiron! It has been quite the journey but I am happy where I am now and look forward to furthering my education with Flatiron and eventually starting my new career!
